Sister, what do you mean?
He wants to make peace with me.
Sister, you are now the emperor's love for his happy wife.
It's not too late for him to promote the princess.
Why don't the two of us deal with that woman together?
Yao Phuong Lien Buddha mouth snake mind
Though not as cruel as I am
But a few years older than me.
Probably a little more cunning than me.
Why don't we use her to get rid of that bastard of Miao Tu Hui?
It's actually something that doesn't have a brain.
If it wasn't for the Four Horcruxes, it would suddenly be in favor.
I will pray for peace.
Over the years
It seems that your brother is General Zhen Bac that the emperor loves.
I only gave you one life.
Okay.
Luu Toan Government for Dieu Quy Phi
Honey, you two xin chào.
Are these things given to the Lord by His Majesty?
Back to the lady
This is a gift from a talented slave to Yao Quy Fei.
The wife is pleased to present this palace.
What kind of game do you want to play?
The Queen ordered more reminders last night.
Let him get out of trouble.
No wonder the four-year-old didn't die last night.
Turns out you helped her behind her back.
You even pretended to make peace with the palace.
You're so cunning.
Master
How's the Kunning Palace?
As expected of the Queen.
The other two ladies were preparing to settle their previous grudges.
But Mr. Liu interrupted.
Finally, the angry woman left.
Division
I'm the best.